Index

§1. Purpose
	a. Foreword
	b. Definitions
§2. Canvassing
	a. Strategy
		(i & ii): Summary
	b. Specific Tactics //INCOMPLETE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
		(i) not
		(ii) done
		(iii) yet!
	c. Limitations
§3. Recruiting
	a. Requirements
	b. Process



§1. Purpose
	a. Foreword
		(i) Our organization relies upon the intellectual and physical support of people.  In order to collect a wide variety of skills, experience, and knowledge, we shall find that regular recruitment of additional members is conducive to achievement of our goals.
		(ii) This document proposes a set of guidelines and best practices to follow when searching for and admitting new members to our group.
	b. Definitions
		(i) "canvassing" refers to the process of advertising our group to a set of potential recruits and choosing realistic candidates from those interested
		(ii) "recruiting" refers to the process of validating a potential member's value to the group, as well as completing any necessary paperwork, reviews, or other logistical requirements.


§2. Canvassing
	a. Strategy
		(i) By casting a wide "net" across the Internet and introducing them to our primary public Internet presence, we allow potential members to decide their level of interest while we gauge their potential value.
		(ii) Once a potential member's value and interest are affirmed by the group, he/she may be introduced to our private methods of communication.
		
	b. Specific Tactics
		(i) Message Boards //INCOMPLETE!!!
			1. Post on the chans - COME JOIN OUR CLUB!!!!11!
			2. Wait for thread to die down - only serious people will be left
			3. Introduce stragglers to /shitlords/
			4. ????
			5. PROFIT!
		(ii) Facebook / Social Media //INCOMPLETE!!!
			1. Post on Social Media - vague message about our goals, "wouldn't it be nice to live in a society where blah blah?"
			2. Private message those who have a favorable response
			3. After determining the person is serious, introduce to /shitlords/
			4. ????
			5. PROFIT!
